README.md, before:

# Docker Jenkins-CLI

Docker image for Jenkins CLI based on Alpine Linux. The container will use `jenkins-cli.jar` downloaded from target host.


## Sample run command

Without auth:

```
docker run -it --rm \
  -e "JENKINS_URL=http://jenkins.example.com:8080" \
  chickenzord/jenkins-cli help
```

With auth:

```
docker run -it --rm \
  -v $HOME/.ssh:/ssh \
  -e "JENKINS_URL=http://jenkins.example.com:8080" \
  chickenzord/jenkins-cli help
```

With auth and and XML file as input, for example to create a new project:

```
docker run -it --rm \
  -v $HOME/.ssh:/ssh \
  -v $(pwd)/path/to/my/xml/files:/my-xml \
  -e "JENKINS_URL=http://jenkins.example.com:8080" \
  -e "INPUT_FILE=/my-xml/my-job-description.xml" \
  dcycle/docker-jenkins-cli create-job my-new-job
```

Replace `help` with your jenkin-cli command. See [Jenkins CLI wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CLI) for more information.


## Configuration

The CLI can be configured using environment variables.

- `JENKINS_URL`: **required**
- `PRIVATE_KEY`: *optional* (default: `/ssh/id_rsa`)

Commit message:

Allow output and error redirection

README.md, after:

# Docker Jenkins-CLI

Docker image for Jenkins CLI based on Alpine Linux. The container will use `jenkins-cli.jar` downloaded from target host.


## Sample run command

Without auth:

```
docker run -it --rm \
  -e "JENKINS_URL=http://jenkins.example.com:8080" \
  chickenzord/jenkins-cli help
```

With auth:

```
docker run -it --rm \
  -v $HOME/.ssh:/ssh \
  -e "JENKINS_URL=http://jenkins.example.com:8080" \
  chickenzord/jenkins-cli help
```

With auth and and XML file as input, for example to create a new project:

```
docker run -it --rm \
  -v $HOME/.ssh:/ssh \
  -v $(pwd)/path/to/my/xml/files:/my-xml \
  -e "JENKINS_URL=http://jenkins.example.com:8080" \
  -e "INPUT_FILE=/my-xml/my-job-description.xml" \
  dcycle/docker-jenkins-cli create-job my-new-job
```

Redirect output and/or errors:

```
...
  -e "OUTPUT_FILE=/path/to/my/output.log" \
  -e "ERROR_FILE=/path/to/my/error.log" \
...
```

Replace `help` with your jenkin-cli command. See [Jenkins CLI wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CLI) for more information.


## Configuration

The CLI can be configured using environment variables.

- `JENKINS_URL`: **required**
- `PRIVATE_KEY`: *optional* (default: `/ssh/id_rsa`)
